Hey everyone, I’m David from IFAL, the English learning app, and I’m happy you’re here.
Today, I’ll share five interesting news stories and help you learn some English along the way.
So sit back, pour yourself a coffee—maybe a strong one like we Israelis love—and let’s dive in.
1.
Five New TV Series for July 2026
I read that July 2026 is full of exciting TV shows.
There’s a new season of “Mahubrim” and another of “El Atzmi,” plus the final chapter of “Haderech LaBayta.” Even “HaPishtu’a” is coming to TV for the first time.
If you like action, there’s a thriller with the star of “The Queen’s Gambit,” and a wild road-trip series about two women running away from everything.
All these series will **premiere** this month.
Premiere means the first official show of a season – בכורה.
I know many of us watch on our phones during traffic jams on the Ayalon or when we’re in the army waiting for the bus.
It’s fun to talk about these shows with friends over coffee or at the corner café.
Which one would you watch first?
2.
Madonna’s Rare Interview on BBC
Music legend Madonna sat down with Graham Norton in a special BBC program.
It was filmed in the small club where she gave her very first gig in Britain over 40 years ago.
In the interview, she talks about her childhood, the loss of her brother, and her relationship with her daughter, Lourdes.
The program coincides with the **launch** of her new album “Confessions II.”
Launch means to start or introduce something new – להשיק.
I think it’s inspiring: a superstar returns to the same place where it all started.
It reminds me of local bands that play in little clubs in Tel Aviv before they become famous.
It shows that even big names come from small, humble beginnings.
3.
Netflix’s Nostalgic Remake of “Little House in the Negev”
Next, Netflix is bringing back a classic Israeli show, “Little House in the Negev,” with a fresh **remake**.
Remake means a new version of something old – עיבוד מחודש.
The original story is about a family living in a remote desert community.
The new version keeps the heart of the tale, because, as one actor said, the family and story are loved by so many people for so long.
I feel nostalgic just thinking about it.
When I was a kid, my grandparents in the south used to talk about that show.
Now many young people can enjoy a modern take on it—maybe even while they’re splashing in the pool by the beach.
4.
Amazon Plans a Huge Bond Issue for AI
In business news, Amazon is planning to raise at least $25 billion by selling **bonds**.
A bond is a type of loan that a company sells to investors – אגרת חוב.
They want this money to fund big investments in artificial intelligence.
This is one of the largest bond offerings ever.
It shows how important AI is becoming for big tech firms.
In Israel, too, we see startups focusing on AI, from cyber security to self-driving cars.
It’s exciting but also makes you think: what kinds of jobs will we have in ten years?
5.
Brazilian Flip-Flops Brand Rider Arrives in Israel
Finally, a fun story for summer: the famous Brazilian flip-flops brand Rider is coming to Israel.
The company got an **exclusive** license to import and sell these sandals only in the “Gali” stores.
Exclusive means only one person or group has the right to do something – בלעדי.
The collections will change every month and include styles for men, teens, and kids.
Prices start at just 79.90 shekels.
Oh, and flip-flops are the casual shoes you wear on hot days – כפכפים.
I can already picture walking down Dizengoff Street in them, with an ice cream in hand, enjoying the sunshine.
That’s it for today’s news roundup.
I hope you found these stories interesting and that you learned a few new words: premiere, launch, remake, bond, exclusive, and flip-flops.
Thanks for spending this time with me.
I really enjoyed helping you learn some English today.
Remember, with IFAL you get great lessons—only 20 shekels per lesson.
See you next time!